Review of the importing index page (#466)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/data-import/index.adoc

:page-ad-underline-role: button
:page-ad-underline: Learn more

//Check Mark
:check-mark: icon:check[]

//Cross Mark
:cross-mark: icon:times[]

Neo4j provides different tools for importing data stored in various formats, e.g. .csv, .tsv, and .json.
Depending on the kind of data you are working with, there are different options to choose from, as shown in the diagram:

image::import-data-charts.svg[Decision chart with options to import data to Neo4j,width=600,role=popup]

== Methods comparison

The following table shows all supported methods for importing data into Neo4j:

[options=header,cols="^.^2,3,^.^,^.^,^.^2"]
|===
| Method
^.^| Description
| Available on Aura
| Available on self-managed
| Supported file formats and data sources

a| link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/import/introduction/[Import]
| A service for importing data into your Aura instance.
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}

> | CSV, PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CSV, PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Snowflake
```

:page-ad-underline-role: button
:page-ad-underline: Learn more

//Check Mark
:check-mark: icon:check[]

//Cross Mark
:cross-mark: icon:times[]

> Neo4j provides different tools for importing data stored in formats such as .csv, .tsv, and .json.
> Depending on the kind of data you are working with, there are multiple options that you can choose from, as shown in the diagram:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j provides different tools for importing data stored in various formats, e.g. .csv, .tsv, and .json.
Depending on the kind of data you are working with, there are different options to choose from, as shown in the diagram:
```

image::import-data-charts.svg[Decision chart with options to import data to Neo4j,width=600,role=popup]

== Methods comparison

> Find all supported methods and a comparison between them in the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows all supported methods for importing data into Neo4j:
```

[options=header,cols="^.^2,3,^.^,^.^,^.^,^.^2"]
|===
| Method
^.^| Description
| Available on Aura
| Available on self-managed

> | Enterprise only

Reviewer: Is this column needed? Maybe this information can be incorporated into the previous one? _Enterprise_ also applies to AuraDS.

Author: I don't know if I understand what you mean by incorporating the 'Enterprise only' column to 'Available on self-managed' only?

Reviewer: If this column refers to the Enterprise Edition of self-managed Neo4j, maybe it can be shown in that column instead? But there is also an Enterprise tier for AuraDS, so saying _Enterprise only_ can be confusing. Also, it feels excluding. Would it be possible to maybe add a footnote (in the self-managed column) to the Import options that are available only on EE (if that's what is meant by _Enterprise_)?

| Supported file formats

> a| link:{docs-home}/data-importer/[Data Importer]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| link:{docs-home}/data-importer/current[Data Importer]
```

| UI-based tool for importing data into Neo4j, including CSV files.
| {check-mark}
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}
| CSV, TSV

a| link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/clauses/load-csv/[`LOAD CSV`]
| Cypher command to import small- to medium-sized datasets (up to 10 million records) from local and remote files, including from cloud URIs.
| {check-mark}
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}
| CSV

a| link:https://neo4j.com/docs/apoc/current/import/[APOC import]
| A library of user-defined procedures and functions that extends the use of Cypher.
| {check-mark}
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}
| CSV, JSON, XML, XLS

a| link:{docs-home}/create-applications[Language libraries]
| Use Python, Java, JavaScript, Go, .NET, and JCBD to import files.
| {check-mark}
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}
| Language-independent columnar memory format for flat and nested data.

a| link:https://www.neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/import/#import-tool-full[`neo4j-admin database import full`]
| Initial import into a non-existent empty database.

> Use it with link:{docs-home}/operations-manual/current/neo4j-admin-neo4j-cli/[Neo4j Admin].

Reviewer: Maybe this can be rephrased? The command is a neo4j-admin command so it sounds a bit weird to say to use it with the tool.

| {cross-mark}
| {check-mark}
| {cross-mark}
| CSV, Parquet

a| link:https://www.neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/import/#import-tool-incremental[`neo4j-admin database import incremental`]
| Used when import cannot be completed in a single full process.
It allows the import to be performed as a series of smaller batches.

> Use it with link:{docs-home}/operations-manual/current/neo4j-admin-neo4j-cli/[Neo4j Admin].

Reviewer: As above.

:page-ad-underline-role: button
:page-ad-underline: Learn more

//Check Mark
:check-mark: icon:check[]

//Cross Mark
:cross-mark: icon:times[]

Neo4j provides different tools for importing data stored in various formats, e.g. .csv, .tsv, and .json.
Depending on the kind of data you are working with, there are different options to choose from, as shown in the diagram:

image::import-data-charts.svg[Decision chart with options to import data to Neo4j,width=600,role=popup]

== Methods comparison

The following table shows all supported methods for importing data into Neo4j:

[options=header,cols="^.^2,3,^.^,^.^,^.^,^.^2"]
|===
| Method
^.^| Description
| Available on Aura
| Available on self-managed
| Enterprise only
| Supported file formats

a| link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/import/introduction/[Import]

> | A tool for importing data into your Aura instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A service for importing data into your Aura instance.
```
